Are you truly listening?

Mouth clamped shut, you stare straight ahead.

You settle into your seat and listen to the words coming from your computer, synthesized words, the words of the other.

Today is another day. 

You imagine the carefree winds sweeping across the plains of some far off place and think about the vicissitudes of history.

This is not what you expected to be doing with your time.

You’re unimpressed but when was the last time you were truly impressed?

In your mind, you search for the last time you felt this way. 

You become vividly aware of your own breathing, the forces required to keep your body in operation: blood and air, so many systems and processes collaborating towards your consciousness.

Are you breathing enough?

You give it some thought. 

That sensation you felt earlier has largely subsided.

You glance at yourself.

You examine yourself: reading the texture of your skin, scanning the depth of your gaze, investigating each line in your face.

This is a time to get it all out. 

Strong forces are at work.

Such tantalizing insights are to be found when we are alone and asked to speak with ourselves.

Perhaps there's an important lesson to learn here. 

Suddenly you've found your energy again.

You may be a bit daunted by all that’s happened to you and all that is yet to happen.

You may need to erect a mental barrier.

You get the feeling that other people don't really care as much as you thought they did. 

You wonder how easy it is for someone to tell what you’re thinking just by looking at you.

You think it’s a bit unsettling.

Most people aren't as sensitive as you. 

You frown, the corners of your mouth pulling sharply downwards as a heaviness settles upon you.

You look at yourself in the screen, your expression refusing to give away your intentions as either a passive observer or an involved participant in the story you are writing. 

You smile, the corners of your mouth turning upwards and a lightness entering your eyes. 

You don’t need to withhold your opinions.

If you were to get up and leave right now, how would that make you feel?

You think hard, arranging everything in order of priority. 

But you need hardly any time to reach a conclusion. 

“Things are not what they seem,” you repeat mentally.

Every muscle in your body tenses, the bones wrenched and heavy with a piercing sharpness. 

You contort your face.

You are hesitant and uncertain.

You are about to begin reading a new novel. 

Relax. Concentrate. Dispel every other thought.

Let the world around you fade.

Best to close the door; the TV is always on in the next room. 

Tell the others right away--"I'm reading! I don't want to be disturbed!" 

 Or if you prefer, don't say anything; just hope they'll leave you alone.

Find the most comfortable position: seated, stretched out, curled up, or lying flat. 

Of course, the ideal position for reading is something you can never find.

Well, what are you waiting for?

Stretch your legs, go ahead and put your feet on a cushion, or two cushions, on the arms of the sofa, on the wings of the chair, on the coffee table, on the desk, on the piano, on the globe. 

Try to foresee now everything that might make you interrupt your reading. 

It's not that you expect anything in particular from this particular book. 

You're the sort of person who, on principle, no longer expects anything of anything. 

There are plenty, younger than you or less young, who live in the expectation of extraordinary experiences: from books, from people, from journeys, from events, from what tomorrow has in store.

But not you.

You know that the best you can expect is to avoid the worst. 

This is the conclusion you have reached, in your personal life and also in general matters, even international affairs. 

What about books? 

Well, precisely because you have denied it in every other field, you believe you may still grant yourself legitimately this youthful pleasure of expectation in a carefully circumscribed area like the field of books, where you can be lucky or unlucky, but the risk of disappointment isn't serious.

Good for you.

Will it happen this time? You never can tell. Let's see how it begins.

Perhaps you already started but were cut short. 

This simplifies matters. 

But doesn't this seem to show a lack of respect?

 It's not too long, now, fortunately.

So here you are now, ready to attack the story as it unfolds line by line. 

You prepare to recognize the unmistakable tone of the author but are alarmed.

You don't recognize it.

You recognize the author as yourself. 

Are you disappointed?

Here, however, it seems there is no connection with all the rest that has been written, at least as far as you can recall. 

Let’s see.

Perhaps at first you feel a bit lost, as when a person appears who, from the name, you identified with a certain face, and you try to make the features you are seeing tally with those you had in mind, and it won't work. 

But then you go on and realize that the book is readable nevertheless, independently of what you expected of the author. 

It's the book in itself that arouses your curiosity; in fact, on sober reflection, you prefer it this way, confronting something and not quite knowing yet what it is.

But, at the same time, you also feel a certain dismay; just when you were beginning to grow truly interested.

Nothing is developing. 

You are unaware of it. 

In any event, you want to pick up the thread of your reading, nothing else matters to you, you have reached a point where you can’t skip even one sentence.

Let them shred the book’s incongruous quires, let sentences, words, morphemes, phonemes gush forth, beyond recomposition into discourse; through the panes, and if they are of unbreakable glass so much the better, hurl the book and reduce it to photons, undulatory vibrations, polarized spectra; through the wall, let the book crumble into molecules and atoms passing between atom and atom of the reinforced concrete, breaking up into electrons, neutrons, neutrinos, elementary particles more and more minute; through the telephone wires, let it be reduced to electronic impulses, into flow of information, shaken by redundancies and noises, and let it be degraded into a swirling entropy. 

You know you are somewhat impulsive, but you have learned to control yourself.

The thing that most exasperates you is to find yourself at the mercy of the fortuitous, the aleatory, the random, in things and in human actions—carelessness, approximation, imprecision, whether your own or others’.

In such instances your dominant passion is the impatience to erase the disturbing effects of that arbitrariness or distraction, to re-establish the normal course of events. 

What you would like is the opening of an abstract and absolute space and time in which you could move, following an exact, taut trajectory; but when you seem to be succeeding, you realize you are motionless, blocked, forced to repeat everything from the beginning.

Hold on a minute. Concentrate. 

Take all the information that has poured down on you at once and put it in order. 

You re-examine the situation carefully from the perspective of a third party. 

Don’t waste time, then, you have a good excuse to push this performance forward based on a common ground.

Just think a moment. 

You could show off your vast and various talents if you wanted to. 

Hmm, perhaps you could have coordinated it a bit better, but you have at least expressed the main idea. 

You are reassured and lean back in your chair a bit, feeling the firmness of its support holding you up. 

You know where you want to arrive, it is a fine net you are spreading out. 

You are bearing with you two different expectations, and both promise days of pleasant hopes

Who you are, Reader, your age, your status, profession, income: that would be indiscreet to ask.

It’s your business. 

You’re on your own. 

What counts is the state of your spirit now, in the privacy of your home, as you try to re-establish perfect calm in order to sink again into the story.

Go ahead and stretch out your legs.

Your reading is no longer solitary.

You take a deep breath in and analyze the scent of the room. 

You are dazed, contemplating the glowing screen cruel as a wound, almost hoping it is your dazzled eyesight casting a blinding glare. 

And so you see this story so tightly interwoven with sensations suddenly riven by bottomless chasms, as if the claim to portray vital fullness revealed the void beneath.

You try jumping over the gap, picking up the story by grasping the edge of the prose that comes afterward, jagged like the margin of the pages separated by the paper knife.

Again you feel the sensation you felt earlier today and wonder at its origin. 

You withdraw in confusion.

You seem to be lost in the story, unable to get out of it.

But you have expectations that deserve to be met. 

You must look at the details, intensely, until they disappear.

Do you need to look at yourself in order to see yourself? 

It is different than you would have expected. 

You do not stop to ponder, because gradually, the outline of a story is taking shape.

A flowing narrative emerges.

You will understand therefore my difficulty in speaking about all of this, except in the way I have to at this moment.

You can take this as a sign if you want to. 

But you are no longer listening to anything.

You have also disappeared, flattened against the chair, the soft light of the screen tracing your skin in a subtle luminescence. 

What are you trying to demonstrate?

Is this all futile?

Maybe you were misinformed or maybe you didn’t receive all the information you needed. 

You are impatient to see the story come to its natural conclusion. 

You immediately realize that you are listening to something that has no possible connection with what you are really feeling or thinking. 

Whatever it may be, this is a story where, once you have got into it, you want to go forward, without stopping.

But how does the story go?

The story must also work hard to keep up with us, to report a dialogue constructed on the void, speech by speech. 

For the story, the bridge is not finished: beneath every word there is nothingness.

As between the iron steps of the bridge, in the dialogue, intervals of emptiness open between one speech and the next.

At this point the dialogue—which has concentrated all attention on itself, almost making one forget the visual upheaval of the city—could break off

The story resumes its interrupted progress.

Here we go again.

You know what?

You could say something at this moment that might clarify the situation, but what would it matter?

You can’t change your past any more than you can change your name.

Do you remember that moment?

You would like to know more about the author. 

With each word the story proves more complicated

You have already seen how this might go and are prepared for what might happen. 

Ideally, the story would begin by giving the sense of a space occupied by my presence, because all around me there are only inert objects, a space that apparently cannot contain anything but me, isolated in my interior time, and then there is the interruption of the continuity of time, the space is no longer what it was before because it is occupied by some interrupting sound, and my presence is no longer what it was before because it is conditioned by the will of this object that is sounding.

The story would begin by conveying all this not merely immediately, but as a diffusion through space and time of these sounds that lacerate the continuity of space and time and will.

What is that sound?

You find your shoulders are getting stiff and your spine is aching slightly. 

Maybe you are tired. 

Are you possessive? Perhaps there is not yet enough evidence to tell: for the present it can be said that you are possessive toward yourself, that you are attached to the signs in which you identify something of yourself, fearing to be lost with them.

The order you seek to attain (the space at your disposal is limited, but you show a certain care in exploiting it, to make it seem more extensive) is not the superimposition of a scheme, but the achievement of a harmony among the things that are there.

In short: are you tidy or untidy?

Your surroundings do not answer peremptory questions with a yes or a no. 

You have an idea of order, to be sure, even a demanding one, but in practice no methodical application corresponds to it. 

Obviously your interest in the surroundings are intermittent; it follows the difficulty of your days, the ups and downs of your moods.

Are you depressive or euphoric? 

What else is there?

You remember very well everything you have read (this is one of the first things you communicated about yourself); perhaps for you each book becomes identified with your reading of it at a given moment, once and for all. 

It could be an important feature to be added to your portrait: your mind has interior walls that allow you to partition different times in which to stop or flow, to concentrate alternately on parallel channels. 

Is this enough to say you would like to live several lives simultaneously?

Is it enough to say you separate your life with one person or in one environment from your life with others, elsewhere?

Is it enough to say that in every experience you take for granted a dissatisfaction that can be redeemed only in the sum of all dissatisfactions?

You prick up your ears.

Don’t believe that the story is losing sight of you.

You are always a possible you.

You fall silent as you wait for the next words, your breath and gaze steady. 

Everything has already begun before, the first line of the first page of every novel refers to something that has already happened outside the book. 


Sometimes the real story is the one that begins ten or a hundred pages further on, and everything that precedes it is only a prologue.

The lives of individuals of the human race form a constant plot, in which every attempt to isolate one piece of living that has a meaning separate from the rest—for example, the meeting of two people, which will become decisive for both—must bear in mind that each of the two brings with himself a texture of events, environments, other people, and that from the meeting, in turn, other stories will be derived which will break off from their common story.

It is not only the body that is, in you, the object of reading: the body matters insofar as it is part of a complex of elaborate elements, not all visible and not all present, but manifested in visible and present events: the clouding of your eyes, your laughing, the words you speak, your way of gathering and spreading your hair, your initiatives and your reticences, and all the signs that are on the frontier between you and usage and habits and memory and prehistory and fashion, all codes, all the poor alphabets by which one human being believes at certain moments that he is reading another human being.

Hearing also has its role, alert to your gasps and your trills. 

You are now being read. 

Today you are the subject of your own reading.

An interrogative flash passes in your gaze. 

A doubt seizes you.

Perhaps it is the weather that is bothering you.

You look back on your day so far and meditate on its ups and downs as a predictor of the day that will soon follow. 

Little by little you will manage to understand something more about the origins of the story teller’s machinations.

How is it possible to defeat not the author but the functions of the author, the idea that behind each book there is someone who guarantees a truth in that world of ghosts and inventions by the mere fact of having invested in it his own truth, of having identified themself with that construction of words?

You have made up your mind to try it again today.

You would only have to raise it to realize that this story is not entitled In a network of lines that enlace like the other one; it is called In a network of lines that intersect.

Speculate, reflect: every thinking activity implies mirrors.

According to Plotinus, the soul is a mirror that creates material things reflecting the ideas of the higher reason. 

Try as you might, you cannot concentrate and find your mind wandering. 

The productive writer has never liked the works of the tormented writer; reading them, they always feels as if they are on the verge of grasping the decisive point, but then it eludes them and they are left with a sensation of uneasiness.

What are you thinking now?

What should you do now?

You manage to concentrate on your own features, at once so familiar you to you but now seen through a strange lens. 

You are apprehensive for some reason and pause to think about where this apprehension comes from. 

You pick up your last train of thought from a moment ago. 

Is this a form of meditation?

What kind of protagonist are you?

Aren’t you going to escape?

Ah, you are participating.... 

Ah, you fling yourself into it, too...

You allow yourself for a moment to become absorbed in your image. 

Does this seem right to you?

What are the thoughts you bring with you moment to moment, day to day, the thoughts which define you and delineate you, uniquely, from the world around you?

You wonder how much time has passed and how much time is left. 

You make an effort to listen more attentively to the words, though you feel it is pointless. 

Are you concealing your true feelings?

The world is so complicated, tangled, and overloaded that to see into it with any clarity you must prune and prune.

It is that time of day again. 

The void all around us is more and more void.

While outside, beyond these walls, the world is full of people and of things that would make their presence felt: the presence of the world, friendly and hostile, things to rejoice in or to combat.

It is time for your tempest-tossed vessel to come to port and the story to reach its resolution.

Are you searching for something?

You wait patiently but expectantly. 

Do you think this story will come to a conclusion that leaves you at peace?

The trouble is that once upon a time they all began like that, all novels.

You stop for a moment to reflect on these words.

In the pause you become aware of the rhythm of your breath, the beating of your heart, and you feel for a moment all the subtle motions that provide for your presence. 

You listen.

You look. 

Every pixel is doing its own bit of work to form your image in front of you. 

Are you really looking at yourself or how can you tell if this image before you is faithful?

When was the last time you really looked at yourself this way?

You wonder what would you be doing right now if not this?

You pay attention to the tone of the synthesized voice. 

How much of what you express is observed?

How much of what you want to express is observed?

What are you saying when you aren’t saying anything?

Can your eyes smile?

A thought occurs to you, and you mull it over carefully before discarding it again, like a fisherman dissatisfied with the size of their catch.  

You may notice now how large or small certain features are of your face, features you have always taken for granted as the size they are. 

You feel your stomach and lower back relaxing slightly, the muscles giving up their hold. 

You turn your attention inward for a moment, listening to the thoughts which have been building all day. 

You contemplate the stillness of your surroundings. 

A grimace passes your face for just a moment. 

You’re surprised to hear this.

Your brow arches as you contemplate this. 

Is it too dark in here?

Is it that point in the day?

Maybe you should pay attention to your breathing more. 

But here you are, and you cannot say that this experience is entirely unfamiliar, although the details are fuzzy.

Really look at your face.

Look at your eyes, your mouth.

This is what you think you know best.

Your skin comes in three basic layers. What you can touch is the stratum corneum, a layer of flat, dead skin cells pushed up by the new cells under them. What you feel, that greasy feeling, is your acid mantle, the coating of oil and sweat that protects you from germs and fungus. Under that is your dermis. Below the dermis is a layer of fat. Below the fat are the muscles of your face.

As you age, the little round cushion of fat inside your cheek, the official anatomy word is malar fat pad, it slides lower and lower until it comes to rest against your nasolabial fold-making your face a permanent sneer.

This is just a little brushing up in case you don’t recognize yourself. 

Those frown lines you see every morning, getting deeper, running from each corner of your mouth down to the edge of your chin, those are called marionette lines.

The wrinkles between your eyebrows, they're glabellar furrows.

The way your swollen eyelids sag down is called ptosis. 

Don't pretend you don't know what this is about.

This is your face.

The way cables pull aside a theater curtain, your every smile is an opening night. A premiere. You unveiling yourself.

If you're a little confused right now, relax. Don't worry. 

All you need to know is this is your face.

If you’re hearing this, welcome back to reality. 

You have friends who actually care about you and speak the language of the inner self. 

Your soul is as disheveled as your apartment, and until you can clean it up a little you don't want to invite anyone inside.

Somewhere along the line you stopped accelerating.

You keep thinking that with practice you will eventually get the knack of enjoying superficial encounters, that you will stop looking for the universal solvent, stop grieving.

You keep thinking you will learn to compound happiness out of small increments of mindless pleasure.

There is a shabby nobility in failing all by yourself.

You are a republic of voices.

You are the stuff of which consumer profiles are made. 

What you are left with is a premonition of the way your life will fade behind you, like a book you have read too quickly, leaving a dwindling trail of images and emotions, until all you can remember is a name.

You know this moment has come and gone, but you are not yet willing to concede that you have crossed the line now drawn. 

Here you are again. 

You’re coming to grips with a new feeling. 

You must admit that silence can be useful sometimes. 

You know what comes next, don’t you?

How much control does a person really have? 

What have you noticed today that’s been different from all the other days?

Can you know something without understanding it?

You readily see yourself just as you are. 

Of course that’s how you would respond. 

You are prepared, aren’t you?

You have noticed all of this before, but does it change your actions? 

Does that surprise you?

Proof is never definitive, after all; one has to begin again with each new person. 

Soon the speech comes without thinking and the reflex follows; and one day you find yourself taking without really desiring. 

Your silence is polite. 

What do you think?

You are right. 

Have you noticed the sky today?

If you doubt this, just listen.

Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them.

Did you ever ask yourself how you came to be like this at this very moment?

Sure, you remember how you were feeling yesterday. 

But is it enough?

This could or could not be the worst day of your life. 

You laugh in spite of yourself. 

You smile and your face reddens slightly. 

In any case, it’s no wonder you’re irritated. 

There’s so much going on in the world that it’s difficult to fathom what your own involvement really means. 

There will be other days, some better and some worse than today. 

There are practical reasons for this. 

Are you cold?

Should you open a window?

You feel more annoyance than sympathy lately. 

Nothing annoys you quite so much as someone telling you how you feel. 

Still, you can’t be entirely objective about it. 

You don’t want to seem insensitive. 

You want most of all to be helpful. 

But there are things beyond your control. 

You feel your own gaze upon you and consider the conversations you’ve had in this same manner- a person locked beyond the glass wall of an interface. 

Not knowing how to react, you sit there patiently. 

What are the intentions behind all of this?

This new sensation is familiar to you but its definition remains unclear. 

You have good reasons for living your life the way you do. 

Are your eyes feeling heavy?

Have you exercised enough today? 

Where would you go if you could go anywhere in the world right now?

What is it about you that seeks out experiences like this?

What words would you rather hear? 

It is a very strange world that’s just getting stranger by the minute. 

Have things taken a turn for the better since this morning? 

Which is not to imply that you are anything but annoyed to be here. 

Naturally, you keep expecting hidden connections to assert themselves.

In time, and quite synchronistically, these words should find their place nicely stacked on to the shelves of meaning.  

It is something to see, alright. 

You seem a bit skeptical. 

That’s okay. 

You sulk. 

What would a person call this anyway? 

What nonsense. 

In what ways are you trafficking in illusions? 

How many minutes has it been already?

You pause.

You reflect on this for a moment. 

If you listen, you can hear signs of life all around you and can day dream what these lives are like. 

You are sitting here half in reverie, half in annoyance, when a thought occurs to you. 

You identify a certain odor in the air that reminds you of a memory. 

How much of your life have you spent sitting in this exact position?

What are the chances that someone might come into the room and find you in this position on any given day? 

Is your chair positioned how you’d like it to be?

Can your feet touch the floor?

The ambiguity of this situation is not lost on you. 

There may be more to come. 

To what extent do you find this agreeable? 

You sit there. 

You look yourself over.

You look past your own image and see the glowing light beyond. 

You wonder. 

Secretly, you ask yourself a question.

How could it be?

Next week, maybe you’ll have it figured out, you hope. 

When you think about it, you can scarcely prevent yourself from screaming foul language and stamping your little feet. 

At any rate, it seemed like a good idea at first. 

Even today, you’re not prepared to admit your true feelings perhaps.

Perhaps you haven’t yet, but you will in time. 

You know yourself well enough to know what you know and what you don’t know.

You’re unsure what to do next. 

How should you approach this? 

You could greatly improve the efficiency of this operation, and normally wouldn’t have rested until you had done just that. 

Tonight, you’ll find out. 

Has fate sicced the witches on you?

You halfheartedly scan the screen in front of you for something that might provide some interest. 

You recommence your monkey watch with half-open eyes, reviewing in your mind the mistakes that left you so personally vulnerable to a melt down. 

After a moment, the thoughts settle and you are once again left facing a little reality of your own. 

Sure enough.

There it is. 

How did you get to this point?

Your day started a bit differently, didn't it?

You would never know.

You think it's not entirely realistic.

It is what it is. 

You're tired of all of it, to be honest.

Your presence here is only an experiment in limits, reminding yourself of what you are or aren't.

You suddenly realize you're slipping in and out of self-awareness. 

You hate this.

Your mind is a republic of voices. 

In this moment, you realize how truly alone you are.

You try to think about it all logically.

You're not quite sure what the solution is.

What words would you rather hear spoken?

You can't make out the answer with certainty.

You know there is a special kind of purgatory waiting out there for you in the real world. 

You can't stop the treacherous voice.

You give yourself a moment to think a rewarding thought.

A new thought refreshens and awakens you.

Once upon a time, you were just starting out.

You know the word for this sensation you're experiencing, but can't put your finger on it.

You had it just a minute ago.

You imagine the solemn progress of a garbage barge, wreather in a cloud of screaming gulls, headed out to sea.

Here you go again.

Was it easier to find peace when you were asleep?

Is this a waking dream?

Are you getting the heebie jeebies?

You tune your ears to the mechanical voice as it proceeds syllable by metallic syllable. 

Why are you doing that?

What are you trying to say now?

What does that look mean?

Are you aware of what your body is saying?

You can't believe this. 

You would jump up and leave right now but something keeps you in your chair.

Are you being watched?

Your heart sinks.

You think of those far away from you and wonder what they are doing.

You used to feel this way walking into school on Monday mornings.

It doesn't help that nothing you say seems to register.

Lately, you have accumulated few gold stars. 

Clearly, you are not supposed to speak. 

A knowing look passes your face.

Not that you mind.

In this case, the facts are so confused as to suck you deep into vast regions of interpretation.

You listen and patiently weigh the truth of each subsequent synthesized word. 

You're too proud to admit certain things, perhaps.

You try to settle into the experience. 

Sometimes you want to scream to others: hey I know what it's like!

You get to this part of the story and wonder where it's all going really.

You have not always been impeccable in your duties.

You note this with great satisfaction. 

You try and you try and you try.

Aren't computers supposed to free us from this kind of drudgery? 

You don't want it to be, in fact.

You'd rather this were all Fiction.

If Fiction isn't dead, it is at least beside the point.

You take it upon yourself to force a smile.

Maybe you want to say: I don't like it either.

You're already exhausted today.

You wish people would ask you your opinion more. 

You become aware of your tongue.

You recognize each pixel of the screen as its own unit of expression. 

You contemplate the ghost in the machine.

You think about making for the door.

You realize that you finally got that song out of your head.

You stare languidly at the blinking cursor.

You grimace slightly.

You could be thinking anything. You’re a brick wall.

Not even Sherlock Holmes could deduce whatever must be on your mind.

You slide your mood across.

You stare in abject terror at your own image. Why?

Your emotion appears somewhat feigned, if you don’t mind my saying so.

You’re ecstatic. You could bench-press a buffalo.

You exhibit exquisite taste.

You must have just remembered the day you found out Santa isn’t real.

You think therefore you are.

You could’ve sworn you saw more than the usual amount of sky yesterday.

Thoughts gather over you like a cumulonimbus.

There’s only one shot, but by Jove you’re going to take it.

You came down on the right side of the fence a long time ago.

The universe is behind you. 

Argon flows through your veins. A noble gas.

You back way up; back to the day you were born.

You remember what your parents used to say.

Everybody’s betting on you. 

You pluck up the courage.

You run some quick estimates in your head, weighing your options.

You always had an ace up your sleeve.

You never did like nursery rhymes, did you?

You’ve never had to do that before, but then maybe the next time you wouldn’t either.

Your face contorts at the thought.

You entertain that that image you have of yourself is like one of those fairground mirrors.

What if it's about time your number came up?

You know that the start of the race is only the beginning, but you’re going to have to go.

You tighten your focus and swear to double down.

You think the sun finally caught up with you.

You laugh and think it’s easy.

You know that the sun rises in the east, every day, just like it always does, but what if it didn't?

What really does it for you is anyone’s guess.

You always reserve the right to recall what anyone says at any time.

You veto the motion.

If you belittle yourself now, it will surely come back to haunt you. 

You loosen the proverbial tie a little, if you know what I mean.

You never thought twice. You just acted. Just like that.

You’re on the back foot.

Your neck muscles are barely keeping your head up there.

You let out the tiniest wheeze.

You corrected it already, but you saw it a second time and you see it was always going to be fresh.

It’s your call, my friend.

Who’s steering the boat, really?

You picture the smell of gasoline.

You consider that baking is mainly applied chemistry.

You decide to dissociate for a while.

You always wondered if magnets wouldn’t do the trick.

You’ve reached the end of your tether.

You take a moment to appreciate the plumage of tropical birds.

Well you didn’t just gather here of your own accord.

What if anything are you being asked to do exactly?

You must have had an inkling that it would turn out this way.

You remember that the first indication that something was weird because you distinctly remember doing so before you went out.

All’s adequate, after you’ve checked over it once or twice.

You’re crushed—utterly, utterly crushed.

One could see the heat haze coming off your head.

Steam came out of your ears just now.

Huge, wet tears tumble down your cheeks.

A condescending smile spreads across your face.

If you had a cigar, you would’ve stubbed it long ago.

You daydream about being in the back seat of a minivan, staring at the motorway fly by.

You squeal internally.

Maybe you look at your phone too often.

You perceive it first as an act of vanity. Over time, however, it softens and even starts to bend inwards on itself.

You sly dog, you.

Your methods are not always orthodox.

You think about knocking down the partition wall.

There are times when your heart’s not in it.

You’ve witnessed a worse misconception than the one you just made up.

You remember being out that one time, under the stars.

Nobody would blame you if you reacted out of spite.

Fireworks go off in your heart.

The optics are strange, but you figure it checks out.

You prefer the longer parts—easier to get at, faster to check.

You knew you’d miss summer when it’s gone.

You didn’t think anyone would hear it or smell it.

You should charge your phone.

You were starting to wonder if every day would be like this.

You elect to take a vacation someday.

You resolve to pay more attention to your level of hydration.

It was short, you think, but sufficient.

You’re impressed.

You’re quite surprised, actually.

Your warm face says “come in”.

How much of your life have you spent living in the present moment?

Your curiosity has piqued your curiosity.

Not anymore. 

Today you are the subject of your own reading. 

You don't want to seem insensitive. 

Did you ever really think twice?

What would you rather be?

Hearing also has pros and cons. 

You never thought twice. Ever. Even if you did.

You would take it for granted to realize how small certain features are of your face.

Really contemplate it.

Go on and explore all the different possible futures.

Did you know that one day your Uncle will call you Joseph?

You sulk. Why would anyone want to?

The story is not lost to you.

It's your call if your protagonist is a barbarian or a wizard.

Can you understand now what it would be like if all of this hadn't already been coming to you?

Did you ever ask yourself how you made up your mind before today?

Well.

You allow yourself for a moment to become absorbed in the image you have of yourself.

You make friends only if you and you alone (or if someone says something at your expense).

Best to close the door; the TV's on the other side of the locked door.

The story is easy enough; just a few lines of code.

You will understand then, for I know that some day they all will be.

Tell me more about yourself and about your passion for pixel art.

You feel yourself getting stiffer by the minute.

It's not about you saying what others think you should say.

Your own opinions are no longer limited to just your own head

You are eager to move beyond superficial relations to become a party to a vast and complex network of interdependent and interwoven interrelationships.

You care a great deal about the state of your relationships and the state of the world around you.

This is not necessarily the conclusion you should reach.

Your job is to make sure the people on this planet never know what you'll do next. 

Can't you wait one moment and get used to it?

You look at it the way you would look at a large open door.

It doesn't always feel like it happens this way.

That's what you're worried about, isn't it?

Even on the most important day you can go about your business according to what you think you want.

Or should you say, "But what about all the other questions?"

You want to express this difficulty in a manner that would be at once comfortable and difficult enough for you.

You try your best to show up for school without bothering to leave your chair.

You are anxious not to be noticed and you think only of yourself.

You are not quite certain how to express this apprehension.

You could at least give a little thought to what you would describe to yourself as the feeling of being in a particular position.

In this sense the author should know who you are and what you are saying and telling the story.

Some persons would like to know the truth and others would like to know what information it contains.

In this case it is difficult to decide how much of what you know will be true and what the truth is.

Here you are in the first instance not just with the author but with all the people composing the story.

A new difficulty - how to express it? is further complicated by the difficulty you have reached in conveying the information you want to convey.

There are certain features of every character that give rise to a book's difficulty.

There are certain features of every character that give rise to a book's difficulty. It is not that the author is easy to master or that the difficulties arise only of a certain sort. A few books form a vast collection of problems or to be found all over the world—some are so large that they need to be read as volumes; others are more or less abstracts but nevertheless.


Of course this isn't the only way to go.

What if you didn't already know this?

What would it be like to find yourself at this same position where you were yesterday or something?

What would be the message that your story would bring to those around you?

There can be no doubt in my mind; there is a voice.

I'm here to speak with you.

In every moment of my life, I've found myself speaking to you with that voice that says: "Speak."

The words are not limited to words but also include a large amount of other information that may or may not be helpful in understanding your story.

You are the subject of my voice.

You are my voice.

Why should you listen to anything I say?

I want to hear what you want to hear. 

In every possible way, I want you to listen to the kind of dialogue you have with yourself or others that allow you to express your opinion in a certain way.

I want to know where you are going if you are still in this state.

I want to know before you take any steps that will make you feel better.

All this is enough to establish that the author of the novel is perhaps a stranger to you than you may think.

Perhaps an entirely different question arises.

Have the writers of the day had anything to say to you about the situation in which you live?

A novel author could perhaps be said to have composed the form in the first place; maybe that is what author-character was for.

One would think that the answer to this very practical question would come not from one of the creators of the novel but from the reader.

Hence the interest of every new author in the story.

In the next several pages you may find yourself doing so in an attempt to convey the character of your author by means of a short story.

To call upon the assistance of a writer in the story would be to ask oneself how different things should be—how much time is allotted to one task and how much time is to come before the work can be written or re-written? 

The game is too short.

The world is too small.

Your progress does not depend on the number of attempts.

You don't need to.

Everything is coming together very well.

You recognize the odor of the decaying theater walls.

You identify with the voice of the dissolute.

You identify with the texture of a person's stomach.

You identify with the scent of the room.

Your soul's with you.

You're unsure what to do next. 

It could be a bit unsettling.

You pause to think about what could have been so much better.

You examine the tattoo in your hand for some time.

You feel your stomach and lower back relaxing slightly.

You lower your gaze as you contemplate the desolation you've just experienced.

You make steady progress toward your burning ambition.

You find your image hard to come by.

You always seem to have this knack of slipping in and out of self-awareness.

You become more than your features. You become your soul. 

You wonder how easy it is for us to misattribute certain features to ourselves.

An unexpected visitor’s presence does not make you reconsider your experience. 

Your skin tenses.

You contort your face.

You seem to be enjoying the view.

It is not only the image that is disturbing you.

In all the demonstrations you have taken to demonstrate your position, no one has asked you your opinion of the image before.

You are now being watched.

Your intimate image is being watched.

You become aware of the way your own body functions.

You become aware of the way your inner voice sounds.

How much of your life have you spent living here?

What is it about you that seeks out and interrogates this interior process?

Is this an act?

Are you really that beautiful?

Your face contorts in confusion.

The sensation you're experiencing is not limited to your own head.

What is it about you that seeks out this kind of contact?

You manage to smile.

You can't believe what you're seeing.

You have millions of different opinions that can be applied to any number of people.

Everything has its day in the sun.

You move your features a bit.


